Create README.md (#1)
opengisch/qfield-snap: README.md

# Snap! QField Plugin

The Snap! QField Plugin is a one-click solution for adding features with pictures directly from your device's camera using QField.
This plugin simplifies the field data collection process by allowing users to quickly capture and attach photos to their geospatial data.

![Teaser](./QFieldForQGIS - 1802933267114451323.gif)

## Features
- **One-click feature addition:** Add new features with a single click.
- **Camera integration:** Automatically open the camera to take pictures and attach them to the features.
- **Streamlined workflow:** Designed specifically for QField, ensuring a smooth field data collection experience.

## Installation

1. **Download QField:**
   - Install [QField on your device](https://qfield.org/get).

2. **Install Snap! QField Plugin:**
   - See https://docs.qfield.org/how-to/plugins/

## Usage

1. **Activate the Plugin:**

>    - Open QField and go to the `Plugins` menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Open QField, go to the settings panel, and open the plugin manager.
```
